RFC: Clarify that the direct_url.json url field must be a spec-compliant url (#1506)
pypa/packaging.python.org: source/specifications/direct-url-data-structure.rst

URLs to python projects and distribution artifacts such as VCS source trees, local
source trees, source distributions and wheels.

At time of writing, it is not formally specified how to merge the parts of this

> file into single URL that can be passed to tools. A common representation is the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
data structure into single URL that can be passed to tools. A common representation is the
```

nit

URLs to python projects and distribution artifacts such as VCS source trees, local
source trees, source distributions and wheels.

The representation of the components of this data structure as a :rfc:`1738` URL
is not formally specified at time of writing. A common representation is the pip URL

> format. Other examples are provided in the :ref:`Version specifier specification <version-specifiers>`.

Reviewer: What was meant with this paragraph is that the conversion of the whole `direct_url.json` to an URL is not standardized. The de-facto standard is the pip format `{vcs}+{url}@{commit_id}#subdirectory={subdirectory}`, but there is no formal standard that defines this.

The PEP 440 reference was meant to link to https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/specifications/version-specifiers/#direct-references. Some of the examples there are not supported by pip (nor any tool that I know of, so these examples are to be considered non normative, in my understanding).

So I think this paragraph should remain in some form (it may needs clarification, admitedly).

> format. Other examples are provided in the :ref:`Version specifier specification <version-specifiers>`.

Author: I've clarified that this is about merging everything into a single url.

Should i link https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/topics/vcs-support/ for pip? It's the closest to the description of the pip url format i could find in the docs.

> format. Other examples are provided in the :ref:`Version specifier specification <version-specifiers>`.

Reviewer: A link to that pip documentation page might be worthwhile indeed, as additional examples.

:rfc:`8259`.

It MUST contain at least two fields. The first one is ``url``, with
type ``string``. Its content must be a valid URL according to the

> `WHATWG URL Standard <whatwg-url-standard_>`_. Depending on what ``url`` refers to,

Reviewer 2: nit: move the sentence starting with "Depending" to a new paragraph?
